=Romance of a Twin Flower=
=Episode 5=
Listen.
The reason why
I fed you horse's manure,
tied your hands
and pried your mouth
with a bamboo ruler
is to feed you medicine.
Piss off.
What's wrong with you?
Get out!
Your Lordship.
You asked me out?
But I was trying to save you!
Your Lordship.
Gui Bai.
I finally found you.
Your injury...
Don't worry. He won't die.
What's the matter
with you?
When I came back from
dispensing the medicine last night,
I was ambushed by
a group of people in nocturnal clothing.
These men are fierce
and armed.
All my taels
and medicinal materials
were taken away.
They even beat you?
That must be
a group of powerful robbers.
Your Ladyship, you are right.
I will do my best
to investigate this matter.
I don't want anyone
to know about my injury.
Yes, sir.
It must be because of your guilty deeds
that you are afraid that others
will find out.
Nie Sangyu!
Don't worry.
I will keep it secret.
Find a doctor to ask
if there is anything wrong
with the medicine she fed me.
Yes, sir.
Inform everyone in the Mansion
to stay in their rooms.
Help me back to the bedroom.
Got it.
Your Lordship.
Why don't you go back
to your bedroom
when you feel better?
I am so unlucky
to have to take care of him.
Your Ladyship, Miss Wen is coming.
Miss Wen.
Your Ladyship.
Why are you here today?
You didn't escape yesterday,
but you were caught
and scolded by His Lordship.
I'm worried about you,
so I've prepared some
dispassionate delicacies for you.
Tanxiang.
Send them to Her Ladyship.
No need.
Well...
My room
is a mess.
So embarrassing.
Miss Wen.
I have a cold today
and can't stay outside.
Miss Wen.
Let's get in.
Okay.
My room is very cold,
especially not suitable
for someone as weak as you.
You'll get worse.
Muxu.
Let's just accept
her kindness.
I prepared millet rice.
Millet rice can
clear and nourish the stomach.
You are usually impatient
and have a bad temper.
It can relieve internal heat.
Bitter melon and lotus seeds
can remove the poison
in the body.
Miss Wen.
Your Ladyship.
You'd better let
Miss Wen in.
Miss Wen
came to see you in person,
but she couldn't even drink tea.
Could it be that
there is something shady
hidden in
Your Ladyship's room?
Tanxiang.
Watch your words.
Hurry up and send the things
to Her Ladyship's room.
And then we'll leave.
Well...
All right.
(Stop.)
Your Lordship.
(Leave here.)
He... He's here.
It's not because...
It's not because of me...
He...
Tanxiang, let's go.
Thank you.
(Virtue Prevails)
It looks like you've recovered enough
to sit up.
If you feel better,
go back.
After all, you also heard
that Miss Wen came just now.
If you continue to live here,
everyone in the Mansion
will probably know about it.
After the commotion just now,
many people in the Mansion
will keep an eye on this place.
I can't go back for a while.
What?
Your Lordship.
Are you going to...
Your meal.
Put it there.
Your Ladyship.
What are you doing?
Where to put it?
Where is the table?
I gave it away.
What about other things?
All given away.
Nie Sangyu.
Good for you.
Your Lordship, can't you
endure hardship in Reflection Pavilion?
Then you should leave.
Who said that I have to
endure hardship?
(Reflection Pavilion)
Here.
Take care.
Move this over.
Here. Okay.
- Do me a favor.
- Take care.
Okay.
Hurry up.
There are still many things to move.
- Yes.
Is Her Ladyship being favored again?
Right.
Great.
Ning Yuxuan.
How dare you furnish
my room like this?
Ning Yuxuan.
Why did you
arrange my room like this?
I don't like this style.
Strong objection.
Objection overruled.
I'm not here to reflect on myself.
Why don't I live comfortably?
I know
you want to stay here
for a long time.
You are taking over my place.
Understand?
You'd better stop talking.
Or you will be kicked out in a while.
Stop talking?
This is my room.
Remember?
Let me remind you.
The whole mansion is mine.
Why didn't these people
stab you to death?
I attract resentment in the Mansion.
But why have you been assassinated
again and again?
I know it happened
more than three times.
Could it be that
you are not a good officer?
Gui Bai.
Get her out of here.
I...
Hold on.
I will shut up
and eat meat.
Miss Wen.
You haven't eaten all day.
Eat something.
Or
your stomachache will strike again.
Has His Lordship ever left
Reflection Pavilion?
No.
What are you looking at?
You can't see anything.
Wait, Ning Yuxuan.
Here is my room.
Why do you sleep on the bed
but I sleep on the couch?
I...
Listen.
Don't peek at me
after I fall asleep in a while.
I know the medicine smells strange.
But it works well on stopping bleeding.
How do you know about prescribing?
I...
I don't know.
I only knew
that I thought of this prescription
the moment I saw your injury,
and its taste
is right.
Take it.
(Why can she heal?)
What are you doing?
Your Ladyship, you...
What knot are you tying?
Sailor's Knot.
Sailor's Knot?
(Sailor's Knot...)
(Is he coming over?)
(If he goes one step further,)
(don't blame me for being rude.)
(Nie Sangyu.)
(Why did you change so much?)
(I didn't expect him)
(to go back.)
Your Highness.
Yesterday the Emperor
gave Ning Yuxuan a big reward
in front of me
for governing the flood
in the Southeast.
It's a pity that
Ning Yuxuan had a good relationship
with the Emperor
and they colluded with each other.
Otherwise, do you think
I will settle for second best
and choose you, a piece of trash?
Your Highness, thank you
for your appreciation.
I will do my best
to live up to your expectations.
(Lord Tan)
What's the use of a dog
if it doesn't bite?
No matter what method you use,
if you can't beat Ning Yuxuan
and get the position of prime minister,
everything you enjoy now,
including your life,
will be wiped out in an instant.
I got it.
Thank you for your suggestion.
I will find a countermeasure
to bring down Ning Yuxuan
as soon as possible.
Yuxuan, tell me
what you want.
I will buy it for you.
I want to
(Ning Yuxuan (Teenage))
construct spiritual values
for the society,
endow people with meaning in life,
inherit and carry forward the knowledge
of the sages that is about to disappear,
and open up a foundation
of eternal peace for all generations.
(Ning Zhongtian)
Good ambition.
You are worthy of being my son.
Dad.
When I grow up,
I will be a man of indomitable spirit
like you.
Dad. Go!
Someone help me!
Help!
Dad!
Ning Yuxuan!
Is the wound...
No!
Dad.
- Dad.
- It hurts!
It hurts!
No!
You are having a nightmare.
Wake up.
Ning Yuxuan!
No, I have to wake you up.
Dad!
Sorry.
You woke up.
You just had...
What are you doing?
You just had a nightmare.
So I woke you up.
What's wrong with you?
Does your wound hurt?
No.
Let me see.
Get away.
I said let me see your wound.
Your Lordship. Your Lordship.
No...
No need to say anything.
I am leaving.
Congratulations, Your Ladyship.
What's up?
Last night was the first time
that His Lordship stayed with you
in the four years
since you married him.
But nothing happened.
I don't
want him here at all.
May I come over?
Turn around.
Your Lordship.
Why is what you say
and what you do
never the same?
I... I...
Have those who attacked you that day
been tracked down?
I have already checked.
Although those I killed
were all dressed as bandits,
they didn't have totems on their arms,
and their clothes didn't
look like bandits,
but like...
Like what?
They seem to be trained
by the government.
Ling Jianxing
is very well informed.
He can never know that
I am hurt.
Yes, sir.
Only Her Ladyship and Muxu
know about your injury.
Is there a problem with the prescription?
I showed the doctor
the prescription from Her Ladyship yesterday.
There's no problem,
instead...
Instead what?
The doctor said the prescription is good.
The prescription...
Is good.
Good?
Leave me alone.
Go.
Well...
Put it there. Go.
The prescription is good?
I'll have to see what new face creams
we can make
besides the Scar Recovering Cream.
Otherwise,
it is far from enough
to make money
from Scar Recovery Cream alone.
Your Ladyship, but the relationship
between you and His Lordship
has eased.
Why are you still making money?
Look.
I have only been awake
for a few days,
and he has been assassinated three times.
He has so many enemies.
So
men are unreliable.
We have to rely on ourselves.
♪The singing and dancing
in the palace garden is over♪
♪The bright moon
shines on the sad wanderers♪
♪Admiring the flowers in a lonely boat,
and the flowers remain the same♪
♪After a rain, the chill is gone♪
♪Flying catkins in the yard
got on my sleeves♪
♪I am waiting for so long,
but the sky is not dark yet♪
♪Looking back on the past♪
♪Love and hate are all gone when drunk♪
♪Let's entrust our thoughts to wine♪
♪Instead of staying together♪
That's the smell.
♪The cry of the cuckoo is heartbreaking♪
Your Ladyship.
His Lordship is watching you.
What?
♪Fleeting years have been trapped in love♪
Someone is arrogant in front of me
but peeking at me behind my back.
What a weirdo.
♪Love at first sight♪
♪The mountain is silently
facing the North Star♪
♪The moon shines like a jade
in a thousand lights♪
♪The singing and dancing
in the palace garden is over♪
Muxu.
I thought of a way
we could get out.
How?
Your Lordship.
Time to apply medicine.
This is the Peony Scar Recovering Cream
that I specially developed for you
to remove scars.
Take off your socks now.
Take off my socks?
Right.
What's the problem?
Take it away. I don't need it.
Are you shy because
you just peeked at me?
Who peeked at you?
You!
What are you afraid of?
We know each other well.
This is Peony Scar Recovering Cream
for face.
This is Chrysanthemum Scar Recovering Cream
for arms.
This is Begonia Scar Recovering Cream
for legs.
This...
This is the best.
This is for the soles of the feet.
For the
soles of the feet?
Right.
Come on.
Wait, what are you...
Come on, take off your socks.
No, wait.
Why do I have to take off my socks?
I'm going to apply medicine to you.
I...
Who promised you to
apply medicine to me?
Good boy.
I will be gentle.
Come on.
Hurry up.
Don't touch me.
Listen, don't touch me.
Hurry up.
(Reflection Pavilion)
Miss Wen.
I'm here to greet His Lordship.
Go inform him.
I'm afraid it's not the right time.
Her Ladyship is having fun
with His Lordship.
You'd better not disturb them.
What?
Are you trying to
stop Her Ladyship?
If you aren't afraid of
being reprimanded,
please go ahead.
(Ning Yuxuan.)
(Don't touch me.)
(Take off the socks.)
(Don't dawdle here.)
(Hurry up.)
(Don't touch me.)
(Come on, I am applying you the medicine.)
(Hurry up.)
(Don't touch me.)
(What's up?)
Forget it.
(Take them off.)
(Stop it.)
- Listen, don't touch me.
- Hurry up.
Come on. Take a try.
Nie Sangyu.
Take a try.
Piss off.
What did you say?
Say that again.
I said
please stay away from me,
thank you.
That's what you said.
I just want to
visit the flower market today.
Since you said so,
I have no choice but to go there
so as not to hinder you.
Your Ladyship, good for you.
You thought of going out
this way.
This is called doing exactly the opposite.
Muxu.
Do you find any special
about this street?
Nothing special.
Miss, take a look.
All homemade.
Take a look.
Sir.
I would like to ask
if there is
any cosmetic shop in this market.
There used to be one.
But later it closed.
And there is no more.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
Muxu, see?
The taels
are already beckoning to us.
What taels?
Cosmetic business.
Let's go.
Cosmetic business?
Your Ladyship.
Nie Sangyu
hasn't come back yet?
Your Lordship, didn't you
kick her out?
Things are different now.
Nie Sangyu
is full of doubts now.
Get her back now.
Why are you wanting Her Ladyship back
in such a hurry?
I...
I want her to change my medicine.
Yes, sir.
Look.
Slowly and gently
apply this face cream
- to the wound.
- Here?
Once every morning and evening.
- I promise that
- Here, take a look.
it will take effect
- within seven days.
- This is the face cream.
Really?
Yes.
One for me.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.
- Boss.
- Would you like to try?
Isn't this the First Lady
of the Ning's Mansion?
We finally found her.
I will go grab her.
You should go back first.
Boss.
Go.
This...
Look, rub it gently like this.
It works better.
Sir, you must be a good man
to buy the face cream for your wife.
I am not married.
I just feel that
the face cream has a unique aroma,
and it's the first time I've seen it
in the capital.
You have good taste.
I have a lot of new products here.
Take a look.
Look, this one.
Smell it.
Look at this.
This is for soothing.
And
this is for moisturizing.
Right.
And for whitening.
Like this one.
Each one
has a different effect.
Look.
Take a try.
This is for scar recovering.
And look at this.
For moisturizing.
If you use this...
Miss, look.
The face cream is not the same color
as my hand.
Sir.
You really don't understand.
No face cream
is the same as skin color.
(As rumored,)
(she has lost all memory,)
(and she doesn't even remember)
(the logo of the Tea Gang.)
For example,
when your skin
is itchy
or allergic,
applying it
can have
a soothing effect.
Good.
Miss, it's a pity that
such a good business is only used to
set up a street stall.
It won't be just a street stall.
I'm going to open
a cosmetic shop.
I want to open the shops
all over the world
and
make all the girls beautiful.
You are so ambitious.
How vast is the world.
It's really not enough
in this one place.
I am Yuan Lang,
a wandering businessman.
I'm looking for business
opportunities everywhere.
How about you ship,
I pay,
and we cooperate?
Cooperate?
Sir.
We met for the first time today,
and you come to me
for cooperation.
Your Ladyship...
Isn't it a bit of...
Gui Bai.
Gui Bai?
Why is he coming?
He's everywhere.
Didn't he see that
I am making money?
Miss.
I have something else to do
and I have to go.
This is my sincerity.
If you are interested in cooperation,
feel free to come to Wanghua Restaurant
to find me.
Hold on.
Sir.
I got your sincerity.
But I can't
take the money.
See you again.
Okay, see you another day.
Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship, you...
Don't you see I'm making money?
His Lordship asks you to
return home immediately.
For what?
Change the medicine.
Change the medicine?
Lackey Ning is so funny that
he let his wife come out to set up a stall.
Boss.
No one is allowed to
disturb her in the future.
Wait, Boss...
This is an order.
Your wound is fine,
why do you need to change the medicine?
Why are you in such a hurry
to get me back?
Did you miss me?
No way.
Look at you.
You are the First Lady
of the Marquis's Mansion.
Who will you embarrass
by setting up a stall in the street?
Who did I embarrass?
Is it wrong for me
to earn my own money?
Besides,
I have already filed
for divorce with you.
I'm not your wife anymore.
Nie Sangyu.
I don't understand
why you make
so much money?
Every penny I make right now
is for leaving you in a better way.
You!
I've already thought about it.
I have no memory
since I fell from a high place.
I narrowly escaped death,
which can be considered a new life.
I don't know
if your amnesia this time
is a blessing or a curse to me.
So
for you and me,
the best ending
is us to be separated from each other
and live on our own.
I am now formally notifying you that
I will leave after your injury recovers.
What did you find out
from the Ning's Mansion?
According to reports from spies,
Ning Yuxuan seemed to have had a cold.
He stayed with the First Lady
last night.
Everything else is normal.
This woman is notorious
for being brutal and unreasonable.
How could Ning Yuxuan
let her serve him for so long?
It's not normal at all.
If it was just medicine for a cold,
they wouldn't have been in such a hurry.
Ning Yuxuan.
You must be injured
and hiding at home recuperating.
Sorry for my incompetence.
Keep investigating.
Yes, sir.
(Huixian Pavilion)
Muxu.
I like it.
Your Ladyship, let's go back.
We slipped out for too long today.
After a while, His Lordship
will send Gui Bai to arrest us again.
What a coward.
I'm excited about the shop.
Here.
This is the place to put shelves.
Your Ladyship.
Do you really want
to divorce His Lordship?
I have to.
All I have in mind right now
is the business opportunity.
- Your Ladyship.
- Here.
You have changed so much
that I still can't believe it now.
And more of them here.
One, two, three, four.
Madame, are you here for the shop?
Are you the owner?
Yes.
What do you think of here?
Pretty good.
How much will it cost?
This shop
is a treasured place.
If you really want it,
I'll give you a discounted price.
Please.
How is it?
Eighty taels?
One...
One hundred and eighty taels?
Eight hundred taels!
Eight hundred taels?
Cash only.
It's too expensive.
It's indeed expensive.
But this shop
is in the central area.
There is a reason why it's expensive.
Sir.
I've been here for a long time.
I really want to rent here.
How about
giving me a discount?
Now that you really want it,
tell me your quotation.
My quotation.
Let me think.
How much do you have?
Eighty taels.
(Bank notes)
I think everything is fine.
But there are also
some disadvantages.
Well.
I think...
This price.
Piss off.
(Never come again without money!)
Even if I have money,
I won't rent here!
Your Ladyship.
How about we go back now?
No way.
I'm going to take another look.
Maybe
there really is a shop with
a monthly rent of eighty taels.
This...
Wish Your Majesty good health.
Wish the country prosperity.
Long live Your Majesty.
Please rise.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
What?
Hasn't Consul Ning gone to court yet?
Your Majesty.
Mr. Ning caught a cold
and is not yet healed.
It is inconvenient for him to go out.
Let the Imperial Hospital
prepare some high-quality
medicinal materials
and send them to Consul Ning's mansion
to show comfort.
Yes.
Your Majesty.
The Longxiang Army won a battle
with the enemy
in the early summer of this year,
killing more than 3,000 people.
It is really a matter
of great joy to our country.
I would like to ask Your Majesty
to reward them.
Sure.
A great reward for them.
Well.
I decide to
hold a flower fair
in the Imperial Garden
to reward these
meritorious officials.
You can bring your
family members along
to attend.
This is a rare opportunity for us
to have fun together.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
The Longxiang Army
relied on Consul Ning
to transport army provisions and weapons
for this great victory.
If Consul Ning were absent
from the ceremony,
I am afraid that the soldiers
of the Longxiang Army would be sad.
What you said makes sense.
Pass my verbal order
to inform him
to participate together by then.
Aye.
Tao.
Try the wine.
It's awesome.
I don't want it.
Eat the dishes.
You don't drink or eat.
Why are you here?
Why are you looking at me?
Didn't you ask me here?
Do you think I would like to come?
Just get to the point.
Right.
I almost forgot it.
Well...
Do you understand
what Mr. Ling meant today
on the court?
Ling Jianxing
insisted on letting Yuxuan participate
in the martial arts performance.
But according to what he said,
Yuxuan should participate.
Then why didn't he mention it earlier,
but only after
His Majesty said
we could bring our wives to participate?
You mean
he deliberately wanted Yuxuan
to participate with his wife?
Which lady would he bring?
Can you finish the sentence
in one sitting?
Have you ever heard that
one can't make a big success
without being self-reliant?
The position of consul
is a big success.
Although His Majesty
didn't say it clearly,
only the principal wives
are eligible to participate
in this martial arts performance.
Everyone knows that
Yuxuan
is at odds with his wife.
If he makes a fool of himself
in public,
Yuxuan
would not only be embarrassed,
but also lose his future.
The position of prime minister.
Why do I have to go?
I am not going.
It's a deal.
Don't forget
we are getting a divorce.
As long as we are not divorced yet,
you are still the First Lady
of the Ning's Mansion.
You have to
do your job.
Why can't others be there?
No way.
Why?
Miss Wen
can also perform her duties.
All the important ministers in the court
will bring their principal wives
to attend the Flower Fair
in the Imperial Garden.
I only have you as my principal wife.
If I bring my concubine to attend,
others will think that
I don't care about the principal wife.
How much trouble do you want
to cause me?
Easy.
I will divorce you today.
It is reasonable for you
to attend tomorrow with Wen Wan.
Nie Sangyu.
Are you looking down on the position
of the principal wife
of the Marquis's Mansion so much?
I don't dare to.
The clothes are here.
Try them on when you have time.
If it doesn't fit you,
I'll ask someone to fix it.
No way.
If you go this time,
maybe I will agree
to divorce you.
Really?
Listen, Ning Yuxuan.
Don't try to scare me.
I've already made
enough money.
Regardless of whether you agree
to divorce me or not,
and whether you sign
the agreement or not,
I will definitely leave the Ning's Mansion.
Do you know that
if I don't sign this agreement,
your money will be shared
by both of us?
No matter how much money
you earn from opening a store,
I can share half of it.
Good for you.
That's what you want.
You...
Think about it yourself.
You went so far!
You bad guy!
I'll compromise one last time.
♪Summer stars, autumn night♪
♪Who is wandering
under the moon in my heart♪
♪The deepest story
with the shallowest goodbye♪
♪After passing by,
I can only meet you in my dream♪
♪The wind can't breeze
the long street of time♪
♪The burning yearning will never cool♪
♪Two hearts meet again foreshadowing love♪
♪How can I describe it
when we look into each other's eyes♪
♪Take a life time to write the story♪
♪Together with you♪
♪Company you♪
♪Just for your glance and smile♪
♪The first promise means the forever love♪
♪Fireworks all over the sky
light up your night♪
♪Take a life time♪
♪To write the story with you gradually♪
♪Just like this♪
♪Our love goes on and on♪
♪The day we first met,
the year when we get old♪
♪My heart and my love will never vanish♪